Hey ladies and gentlemen guys and gals
cliche again with another video today
we'll be playing full inch smile dot exe
looks pretty innocent sir yeah Oh super
and requested this said I would like ok
so let's just play game y'all okay I'm a
big fat pig bear but also I'm so happy
oh hi pinky oh uh hello hey junior buddy
yeah we're good you can't do this dude
oh yeah yeah I'm still good to just a
full year's kid Oh God
okay so I'm fighting balloons only
because buzz well I don't care it's so
happy
go along with it I don't even know why
hello piggy oh well yo are you doing
your buddy buddy boy I'm just so happy I
just love this oh oh wait are those are
you are those birds are those
butterflies I don't know
Oh care this is great tapi even if it
okay I'll go what what wait wait excuse
me you're gonna interrupt me when I was
having a happy mommy
Nakul game you friggin what's going on
man seriously what happened what drugs
are you on pinky your hairs all messed
up and stuff why's your spice why is
your find white smile
oh sure how's it swallow it is swollen
I'm swallowing having a great time
smiling
find my butt off you know yeah hi violet
what's going on no no no Eva dish maybe
did rates do with weights dude she's
wrong man okay I don't know what's going
on I wanna know what's going on oh it's
horrible
okay I'll just smile I guess why oh oh
oh you're still alive oh wait what uh
okay
try walk up I don't know what I'm
supposed to do leave now beep I you're
not welcome here oh okay I'll just be on
my way
smile
okay I'll smile it's gonna happen
oh that scream was variant expected so I
really hope your guys's ears were not
destroyed as much as mine were so I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and if you
did then please feel free to rate
comment and subscribe and as always I'll
see you guys in the next video and peace
out